Cut!
Is she okay? How is her injury?
Luckily, her injuries are minor. The problem is...
we don't have a stunt woman who can be here before sunset.
I'll do it.
- You're crazy. - I'm sure I can do it.
If we don't shoot it now, the connecting shot will have problems.
- Ha Do Na. - Yes.
Why am I here today?
You're here as Director Kim's substitute because he collapsed.
That's right. I'm just here for one day. I can't cause any trouble.
Please think about Director Kim's position.
He collapsed because we're not getting good ratings,
and the filming schedule is too tight.
As the production assistant, I can't have unnaturally connected scenes.
All right. Let's do this in sync and finish it in one take.
- Yes, sir. - Yes, sir.
Let's start.
Standby!
What?
Watch out!
(Episode 1)
(Operating Room)
- You're here. - Mom.
Do Na is in a critical condition.
She has lost so much blood.
They say her blood type is cis-AB or something.
I called you just in case.
Ha Young.
Do you really have to go?
I'll let you go, but you have to promise me one thing.
Be happy.
Otherwise, it will be an insult to my love.
I won't wait for you,
but if there comes a day that you want to die...
send me a text message saying, "Save me."
My number will stay the same until the day I die.
Great.
You're good.
Thank you.
Reporters asked me...
whether you're Song Mi Ja, the madam of a conglomerate.
Will you be okay?
Do Na's condition is what's most important for now.
Do Na, can you recognize me?
My goodness.
She's the person with the same blood type as yours.
She volunteered to donate her blood for you.
I know...
this woman.
(Chicken Kalguksu)
("Thyme")
Do Na, come eat your meal. Do Na.
Okay.
("Thyme")
Gosh, it's hot.
- It's a strange coincidence. - What is?
I mean, the actress who appeared on my dad's movie...
turned out to have the same blood type as me.
That's why I told you you were so lucky.
And it's strange you knew her number.
She used to call me on holidays.
Stop talking and eat up. It might get cold.
Okay.
Will you buy me a drink?
Did...
Did you...
Did you drink...
Cut!
Gosh, he's such an idiot.
Hey, you.
I came here once again for the sake of my applause.
- This is so annoying. - I'm sorry, Ha Young.
You punk.
You're good at improvising,
but you're horrible at acting for real.
Ha Young rearranged her schedule...
because you asked for one last chance.
It's all your fault, punk.
Hey, go get Ha Young.
Stop her from leaving.
Goodness.
She only did it out of loyalty.
Can't you let it go?
You're well aware of what she did.
Of course, I am.
Not to mention that she hired 500 background actors...
for the historical drama, she messed up so many things.
And why are you trying to dump her on me?
Goodness, she's passionate.
She's a total lunatic,
but you know she works harder than any other production assistants.
It's good...
that she's passionate and is crazy about dramas.
But if I take her as my production assistant,
I'll be too anxious to focus on my work.
She's so depressed because no directors are willing...
to take her as their crew.
You're the only one who can control her.
Dong Woo, please.
I refuse.
Goodness, that punk.
Director Shin.
I sent Do Hyun the script. Did he read it?
Did you cast Seol Do Hyun?
Tell him to read it quickly. Let's not drag time.
Do Hyun's known for his temper.
Let me be in charge of him.
I'll work hard. I promise.
You always mess things up by working hard.
I'll work hard, but not too much.
- Do Na. - Yes?
Do Na. Ha Do Na.
I was so frightened by you that my heart races even now.
It was because it happened so suddenly.
But at least the connecting scenes flowed well in the final edit.
I don't want to work with such a thoughtless person like you.
Well, give me... Give me just one more chance.
- Hello. - Hello.
Hi.
You're beautiful as always, Ms. Song.
My wife used to be quite pretty too.
How could I ever compare my beauty to yours?
My goodness, stop it. You're embarrassing me.
What's gotten into you today? Why are you so humble?
Honey.
You two are still so affectionate like newly weds.
- Let's sit down. - Okay.
Where's your youngest daughter?
She was causing so much trouble, so we kicked her out.
Your jokes are always so funny.
A small wedding?
There's a French phrase that says, "Noblesse oblige".
I think wealthy people like us should set an example to society.
But I'm sure both our families have a lot of guests to invite.
Yes, Ms. Song. You're completely right.
If people like us have an extravagant wedding,
it'll only give people more things to talk about.
I agree with you.
Did you want to eat jjamppong that badly?
Yes. My grandma always cooks me beef bone soup.
I'm so tired of eating that.
If you say one more word,
I'm going to rip your tongue out of your mouth.
What a complete lunatic.
He was talking to me, right?
- What's wrong with him? - My gosh.
Eat up.
The doctor refused to tell me,
but I insisted on knowing.
He said it's a son.
How can he tell when it's so small?
Do you not like that it's a son?
No, that's not it.
Will you be able to keep shooting when you're pregnant?
I'm not even sure if I'm going to give birth to him or not.
And...
I'm just a cameo in that movie, so I just need to shoot one more scene.
What do you mean you might not give birth to him?
I'm never going to give birth to my son out of wedlock.
Don't even dare try to threaten me...
with my child.
Chairman Jung.
Do whatever you want.
But I want you to safely give birth to my baby.
Chairman Jung.
Why are you insisting on making me have a small wedding?
Can't you set a good example to society?
You had the biggest wedding of the century.
Why are you trying to make me have a small wedding?
How dare you talk back to me like that?
You better treat me with more respect.
Why are you two arguing?
Honey, you're home early.
Dad, I don't want a small wedding.
Then don't have a small wedding. Don't take it out on your mom.
Okay.
Did you see her get angry when I suggested having a small wedding?
You're so mean.
She used to ignore me so much...
just because I used to be an actress and didn't graduate college.
I don't know if I should call you cute or immature.
Didn't you fall in love with me because I was immature?
I didn't know that you'd always be so immature.
Ms. Song, it's time for your English lesson.
Okay.
I don't know this number.
Hello?
How could I not do anything when I was being sexually harassed?
I was only trying to protect myself.
What did I even do?
You put your hand on my thigh saying you'll put in a good word for me.
Two of my teeth are wobbling right now.
She just punched me out of the blue.
Do you think I punched you for no reason?
Did you or did you not ask me out after putting your hand on my thigh?
I was just trying to help her out.
- So I just... - You were trying to help me?
You were trying to help?
Is that why you stopped me from leaving...
and sexually harassed me like that?
How can you call that sexual harassment?
Please sit down.
Sung Ah.
(Our Neighbourhood’s Friendly Police)
Hey, when did I...
Don't ever come to my office again.
Come with me.
- Hey, let me... - Shut it.
Good going.
If you signed a memorandum stating you'll give up your inheritance,
Then you should've at least gotten married.
Why did you take it out on him for getting dumped?
Why would you even mention that right now?
I'm just so disappointed in you.
I would've handled it on my own even if you didn't come.
Then why did you tell the police my number?
You would've gotten sued for assault if I hadn't come.
I really don't understand why you're living like this.
You said I'm being ungrateful for what I have.
You can just keep thinking that way.
Sung Ah. Sung Ah.
My gosh, she's so stubborn.
Ms. Shin.
My goodness. Director Ha.
My gosh.
What brings you here?
Here.
I brought you some of your favourite side dishes.
I brought seasoned deodeok, salted chili, and marinated crabs.
My goodness, you didn't have to.
You must be here to ask me for a favor.
Ms. Shin.
Can you tell Director Shin to take me in as his staff?
My gosh, he never listens to me.
Come on, Ms. Shin. Please?
Please.
Cut! Okay.
- Good work. - Good work.
Ms. Shin.
My gosh, I don't need this. You can give it to another woman.
I'm married to you.
My gosh, that's disgusting.
Congratulations on your last shoot.
Congratulations.
I'll eventually die after shooting and ending dramas like this, right?
I'll let you die in my arms.
I'll carry the bier.
You might as well just tell me to die.
Good work.
Director Shin, what brings you all the way here?
Let's not waste time on useless things.
Yes, of course.
Here's your next drama.
I don't want to do it. I want to take some rest.
You should take a look at your role first.
No matter how great the character is.
I don't want to die from exhaustion.
Just take a look at it.
Why aren't you taking in Do Na as your staff?
How do you know about that?
- Director Shin. - Yes?
What's she doing this time?
Who would ever understand that lunatic?
I want to learn from you. Please accept me as your staff.
You watched too many martial arts movies.
I promise I won't cause you any trouble this time.
She's trying so hard. Why don't you just give her a chance?
She seems really desperate.
Please take me in as your staff!
(SBC Drama Special, Acanthus)
If you cause any trouble, I'll fire you right away.
Yes, sir.
You said you'd handle Seol Do Hyun, so don't mess it up.
Start arranging auditions first.
It's an honour to work with you, Director Shin.
Stop fussing.
Hello.
- Hello, director. - Hi.
Thank you.
You're early. That's surprising.
I've already decided to do it, so I should do my best.
She's our production assistant.
It's a pleasure to work with you.
Take notes.
Please remove the water purifier in his dressing room.
Do Hyun drinks his own water.
Then it doesn't matter if there is a water purifier or not, does it?
Do Hyun might drink it by mistake.
Don't say anything. Just write it down.
Okay.
For the lighting, please use the model we asked before.
Hello.
- Please have a seat here. - Hello, director.
Oh, my. Do Hyun.
I'm not late, am I?
I came early today.
I liked the script.
Director Shin, I love my role.
Also, I'm so happy to work with Do Hyun.
We were listening to Do Hyun's requests,
so let us finish first.
Sure. I don't have any requests to make,
so please take your time.
How have you been?
Do you still have feelings for Do Hyun?
Don't be ridiculous.
Why were you so submissive to Do Hyun then?
I wasn't submissive to him.
If rumours about you two spread, you'll end up with nothing.
I know. I know that too.
My gosh.
Say one more word,
and I will pull your tongue off.
That's enough.
I prepared other things too.
I know you're a good actor with good sensibility.
You're good-looking too.
But that's useless...
because you can't do anything at the set.
I haven't seen you around. What have you been up to?
I did my military duty.
I see. You can go now.
Let's take a little break.
Okay.
Director Shin, no.
I know.
You're still thinking about it.
Everyone feels bad for him.
His acting is so touching during the practice, but that's no use.
He can't say a word on set.
Director Shin, we can never cast him. Never.
Do Na. Do you want to make Kim Bum Woo a real actor?
Director Shin!
You might be able to change his life.
The thing that I hate to do the most...
is meddling in someone's life.
How dare you yell at me while spitting rice on me?
Just tell me to kill myself instead. I'd rather do that.
Why would I tell you to kill yourself?
What you're asking me is even harder than killing myself.
I've known him for seven years.
- I also... - Isn't he too good to discard?
He is, but he can't do his job.
If you make him a real actor,
I might help you début as a director of Team B.
Challenge yourself, you brat.
Director Shin.
(Episode 2)
Why are you still like that?
You'll be the director of Team B, right? Do it. What's the problem?
You don't know how bad he is.
Among the things you decided to do, what have you failed? None, right?
Him. Making him a real actor.
That's the only thing in the world that I cannot do.
No way.
This is driving me crazy.
What should I do?
No.
Hey, you're scaring me.
Stop it.
Ms. Song, you're overdoing it today.
There are some days I want to keep going.
Here.
You're home.
What's up with you? You never come to greet me when you get home.
Here.
What is this?
(List of wedding gifts)
(300,000 dollars of cash, an Italian suit, a Swiss watch)
- Are you an idiot? - Mom.
These are gifts you give someone to ask them to marry an idiot.
I don't want to be found fault with.
- Have they got something on you? - Mom.
Our family is wealthier than them.
So why would you lower yourself?
Can't you just do what I want?
- Leave us. - Okay.
- Do you love him? - What?
Do you even love Joon Ho?
Why else would I want to marry him?
You don't love him.
That's why you made this kind of a list.
I want to give his family good things because I love him.
You don't have to marry the man your father chose.
Why are you doing this now?
I'm just worried that...
you don't look like a girl in love.
You're delusional.
I'm really worried about you, you silly girl.
(Friendly chauffeur service)
I'm here to work as a chauffeur.
- I see. Give me a moment. - Okay.
Even if I leave and become the wind
I will still be around you
You will still love her
When you leave repulsed by me
I'll let you go
I won't shed a tear even if you die
Okay, I can't help it, I guess.
Sure.
Hey, you don't have to go.
- Can't he come? - It looks like...
he's avoiding sleeping with me because of my supposed kid.
What will you do now?
Exactly. I have to sleep with him to really get pregnant or something.
What if he finds out?
Stop cursing it.
I'm the one who brought...
the whole thing this far after that one lucky night.
I'm not going to throw that away, so don't worry.
What if I never get a chance?
That's why I made you start that mini-series gig.
You can later say you lost the kid because you worked too much.
What if the doctor says something else?
Do you think I began the whole thing without planning that much?
If you don't feel confident, I'll find another production assistant.
Director Shin.
Why are you making me do something even you couldn't do?
I'm a normal guy, but you're...
a bit insane.
I think a normal guy like me is of no use to Bum Woo.
You never know.
He might need someone like you.
Gosh, this is driving me insane.
What am I supposed to do?
I'm here.
I can't believe I have an obstacle like you in my life.
Pardon?
Follow me.
Choose 1, and take 1.
Choose 1, missus, and take 1, mister.
Choose 1 and take 1, it's 2 for 10 dollars.
An unbelievable quality!
Wear this, and you won't envy any models.
It's my product, but it's great.
Do you need one?
Come around.
Choose 1, and take 1.
Choose 1, and take 1. Choose 1, and take 1.
Choose 1, missus, and take 1, mister.
Choose 1, ma'am, and take 1, sir.
An amazing quality at an affordable price.
Come and choose one.
You've done this before, haven't you?
No.
That means you can improvise pretty well too.
So what am I going to do about you?
Have you been in a play?
I practiced for three months,
but couldn't say a word on stage.
I got beaten up and kicked out.
What about the army? Have you been to the army?
I was a Marine.
Goodness, you've done pretty much everything you can.
So what are you going to do now?
Hey, you. This is your homework.
Record your life daily life, and send it to my email.
Understood?
Pardon?
What am I going to do about him?
My daily life?
(Juvis Group)
There are rumors that say...
your wife is the mother of Director Ha Min Hyuk's daughter.
I'll get a hold of his daughter, Ha Do Na's DNA...
and find out if the rumour is true.
I know my woman.
I'm sure that's not true.
Here you are.
Let's see.
This one was born on July 17.
He's 25, so that means he was born in 1993,
on March 15.
How many other places have you been to?
What do you mean?
They all say they're an okay match, right?
You're the first person I came to.
You don't have a face of a liar.
Stop reading my face, and see if they're a good match.
They're destined to get involved with one another.
Does that mean it's a good match?
But I'm not sure if they'll live together.
You can't say something so irresponsible.
That's only as far as I can see.
- My goodness. - They seem okay.
- What a waste of time. - Watch out for lightning.
- What? - Go.
I don't believe this.
- Gosh - My goodness.
(Acanthus)
You jerk.
You can never let your aunt rest, can you?
Don't you like it?
What would I like about this?
That role is created just for you, don't you think?
You created this role for me? You?
The writer wants to see you.
I knew it.
You will do it, right?
You know what? You're a real jerk.
Director Shin.
Director Shin, I found a way.
- What? - Thug One only has...
action scenes without any lines.
He can't play Jin Hee, but he can play Thug One.
Will you be satisfied if Bum Woo only plays deaf mutes forever?
What kind of nonsense is this?
Go visit Seol Do Hyun.
- What? - And tell him...
that it can't happen no matter what.
No matter what? What can't happen?
What is it?
My gosh, he never finishes a sentence, does he?
I'm saying we don't need Thug One.
I mean, I'm playing the legendary boss.
Why would I let another actor take the action scene?
Don't you think so?
Oh, that's hot.
Would a legendary boss want to fight against some underlings?
I'm saying I don't have any action scenes in episode one.
I say that I'm a legendary boss,
but I don't show anything.
That's why you have fancy action scenes later on.
The first episode is the most important for a mini-series.
As you start the drama,
you need to show something fancy and amazing to...
We're hiding your character behind a veil on episode one.
I know I'm behind a veil, but it's too much.
The director and writer had to rewrite...
episodes 1 and 2 over 5 times.
Please stick to the script.
Excuse me.
- You put too much water in coffee. - Hey.
Ms. Ha. Ms. Ha!
She left.
She's infamous.
She's a legendary lunatic in this industry.
She's got that drive.
Right?
Did you do it?
If I didn't, would I dare take your coffee?
What about Bum Woo?
Your arm muscles are the same even after 20 years.
There you go acting cute again.
I'm happy to be your wife.
Honey.
Is there anything...
you lied to me about...
while living with me?
What? Did you cheat on me again?
Why are you accusing an innocent person again?
You tell me ridiculous stuff whenever you cheat on me.
Who is it this time?
So you never lied to me?
You're getting more and more suspicious.
We have to launch it by any means.
- Yes, ma'am. - Yes, ma'am.
She's from the SBC broadcasting station.
I already made it clear that we weren't interested.
Please let me explain to you once more.
I don't have time.
(Juvis Diet)
You shouldn't do this.
It may symbolize you, Director Jung.
Please read the script.
I heard the person in charge sent you only the synopsis,
so I brought it.
- Is that how you usually talk? - Pardon?
Were you a soldier before?
It happened naturally because I work in a field with a strict hierarchy.
I see that you're very passionate.
I'll review it again.
Thank you.
(Ha Do Na and Song Mi Ja are found to be a child and parent.)
She's the madam's biological daughter.
Ma'am, the chairman is home.
What's wrong?
The chairman doesn't seem to be in a good mood.
Honey, is something wrong?
Honey, what happened to your hand?
(Ha Do Na and Song Mi Ja are found to be a child and parent.)
Honey.
What are you?
What...
Who are you?
Honey.
After how much I loved you,
how could you...
You gave birth to another man's child.
And you acted like I was your first love?
Honey.
That's not true.
You...
You've never loved me.
You approached me for my money like all the other women.
No, that's not true.
You know that.
All your life,
you lived with me with a mask on.
I'm sorry, honey.
You're sorry?
Honey.
You... You...
You gave birth to Ha Min Hyuk's daughter?
You, my wife, gave birth...
Honey.
How could you?
You're my wife. How could you?
No, honey.
Before I met you...
Shut your mouth!
I...
I'll think I've never loved you.
Get out.
Get out of my house.
Honey.
I...
I can't live...
even a moment with you in this house.
So get out.
Honey.
Forgive me.
I'll tell you everything.
I have...
nothing to say or hear from you.
If you can't leave,
I will.
Honey.
The night view is great here.
Our building is famous for the night view.
Exactly. That's why I waited until now...
to see this night view.
I'll keep our night shooting as quiet as possible.
Okay.
Thank you. Goodbye.
I'm sorry.
(Chicken Kalguksu)
Kim Bum Woo... Bum Woo!
Goodness, what?
What is it?
He's driving me crazy.
It's okay. You're already crazy.
- Goodness, seriously. - Gosh.
By the way, you called his name so desperately.
Do you have romantic feelings towards him?
- Goodness. You come over here. - Oh, no.
- You want to die? - What's wrong with you?
Record your life daily life, and send it to my email.
What's going on?
Dad checked into our hotel's suite.
He won't tell me what the problem is.
You don't need to know.
Did you two have a fight?
It's not that.
Dad has never acted this way.
What on earth is going on?
Could you leave me alone?
My wedding is just around the corner.
Did you have to cause trouble now?
It's obvious.
Dad must be acting like that because you caused trouble.
You make me feel so anxious, and it's killing me.
Thank you for making a tough decision.
Ms. Ha's passion changed my mind.
We will do our best not to damage...
JU Hotel's public image.
Of course.
We're investing one third of our publicity budget.
Anyhow, our Lunatic scored big time.
Please don't call me Lunatic, sir.
Why not? I'm calling you that with a lot of affection.
Sir.
Dong Woo, I guess you're a lucky man.
It's hard to get product placement these days,
but Lunatic got you one.
Sir!
These are divorce papers.
(Divorce Agreement)
The chairman wants to settle it quietly.
He's willing to pay you two million dollars as alimony.
As for the reason of the divorce,
he wants it to be stated as personality difference.
I have to see him. Where is he?
He went over to Japan this morning.
You, Mr. Park, are here,
but you're telling me he went to Japan alone?
That's absurd.
He ordered me to settle his divorce and left.
Please look through it, and call me.
I'll be going now.